---
name: AFDP 2021
page: AFDP 2021
title: "International workshop on Agile and Functional Data Pipelines"
description: "International workshop on Agile and Functional Data Pipelines"
keywords: "data pipelines, haskell, scala, kafka, agile"
---
The workshop is held as a part of [Programming Conference 2021](https://2021.programming-conference.org/).

# Important dates

Abstract registration deadline
  : January 15th, 2021

Submission deadline
  : January 20th, 2021

Author response period
  : February 14th-21st, 2021

Acceptance notification
  : March 1st, 2021

# Topics

Automatic debugging, error fixing, and reporting is getting more and more popularity across different research communities. We aim to provide a forum for exchange of latest work and document best practices across different disciplines.

* Automatic reproducers like those generated by LLDB
* Automatic unit test extraction and using decorators and code inspection
* Automatic reproducer/error case minimization
* Interactive error recovery systems and their applications
* Error algebras and error-tracing algebras
* Formalizations of debugging
* Fault impact reporting and accuracy estimation
* Provenance tracking in term rewriting
* Error analytics pipelines and databases
* Error monitoring in intrusion detection systems
* Delta debugging
* Automatic generation of error dashboards

## Intended audience

* Experts in automated debugging, error fixing wishing to exchange knowledge with their peers.
* Industry practitioners interested to learn more about approaches to automated analysis of errors.
* Academics in quest for formalization of automated error analysis and fixing
* Financial industry practitioners interested in computer science approaches
  to satisfy risk reporting guidelines with respect to error impact tracing and reporting of accuracy

## Goals

* Our main goal is to encourage social exchange of ideas related to automatic error analysis and impact reporting.
* We call for position papers, research expositions, early stage work, and industry experience papers to encourage
  exchange of on-going research and implementation efforts.

## Programme committee

* Kenichi Asai, [Ochanomizu University](http://pllab.is.ocha.ac.jp/~asai/)
* Michał J. Gajda, [Migamake Pte Ltd](https://migamake.com) _(chair)_
* Michał “phoe” Herda [#lisp @ Freenode IRC](https://netsplit.de/channels/details.php?room=%23lisp&net=freenode)
* Vladimir Panteleev [DustMite](https://github.com/CyberShadow/DustMite)
* TBA


# Submissions

We welcome original, unpublished papers of the following forms: full articles, extended abstracts, case studies.


Please submit your paper or extended abstract by EasyChair.
You may [contact the committee chair](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mjgajda/) with any questions you have about submission.

The paper evaluation will use the following criteria:
* Novelty
* Clarity of exposition
* Transferrability of innovation(s) to other domains
* Scientific rigour and form of the article
* Cross-pollination potential with other papers
* Preliminary papers will be offered feedback on how to improve the quality in all these factors before and during the workshop

# Proceedings
Like other workshops of the conference, we plan to include selected papers in ACM DL post-proceedings.




